PMID:38320135
The Evolving Understanding of Glucocorticoid Treatment in Septic Shock.
There has long been interest in adjunctive therapies in septic shock because this condition continues to carry a significant risk of death and long-term sequelae.1 Adjunctive therapy with glucocorticoids has been the target of many controlled trials in septic shock on the basis of glucocorticoids' multiple putative benefits, including modulation of an excess inflammatory response to infection and treatment of relative adrenal insufficiency due to imbalance in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. Despite this effort, decades of conflicting trial results have left clinicians without consistent guidance about when, and for whom, to implement glucocorticoid therapy.

PMID:38320221
The Incidence of Herpes Zoster Is Increased in the Population of Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis.
We read with interest the recent retrospective cohort study by Singer and colleagues on the incidence of herpes zoster (HZ) in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in the United States.1 After analyzing age and treatment regimens in both cohorts, the authors concluded that the incidence of HZ was increased in patients with RA.1.

PMID:38319899
Factors predicting the visual outcome of intracorneal ring segment for keratoconus.
To identify predictive factors and to construct predictive models using epidemiological and clinical preoperative factors for the visual acuity change after intracorneal ring segment (ICRS) implantation in patients with keratoconus. The medical records of 287 keratoconic eyes of 230 patients implanted with ICRS at Chula Refractive Surgery Center of a tertiary university hospital (Bangkok, Thailand) between January 2012 and March 2022 were retrospectively reviewed for epidemiological and clinical preoperative variables, including those derived from Scheimpflug tomography. After randomly excluding one eye for each bilateral case, the remaining 230 eyes were randomized into two groups: a training group (184 eyes) and a validation group (46 eyes). In the training group, the correlation between the interesting variables and postoperative uncorrected and corrected distance visual acuity change (ΔUDVA and ΔCDVA; logMAR scale) at 6 months was explored, and then the multiple linear regression analysis was used to develop the predictive models. The obtained models were tested using the validation group. There were 5 and 14 preoperative variables that statistically correlated with ΔUDVA and ΔCDVA respectively. Only the preoperative corrected distance visual acuity (CDVAp) strongly correlated with ΔCDVA (Beta = -0.746). Using multiple regression, the preoperative uncorrected distance visual acuity (UDVAp) and front mean keratometry were selected in the proposed model for ΔUDVA (adjusted R2 = 38.8%), while the CDVAp and index of surface variance (ISV) were selected in the model [Formula: see text] (adjusted R2 = 48.9%). The ΔUDVA and ΔCDVA models were correct in 47.83% and 63.4% of the validation group within 0.20 logMAR, respectively. Potential predictive factors and models for ICRS-induced changes in visual acuity are proposed as adjunctive tools for clinicians. Such tools could be used for case selection and during counselling before ICRS implantation to maximize surgical outcomes.

PMID:38320015
Get SMART - Understanding Sequential Multiple Assignment Randomized Trials.
Sequential multiple assignment randomized trials (SMARTs) have been used to advance treatments for complex problems that lack clearly defined interventions.1,2 Unlike in traditional clinical trials in which participants are randomly assigned to only one intervention or one intervention strategy,3,4 in SMARTs participants are randomly assigned to an intervention at two or more stages of the trial. The adaptive reallocation strategy constructs a tailored or personalized strategy of interventions on the basis of the individuals' responses.5-8 An example of a SMART design is reported in this issue of NEJM Evidence.9.

PMID:38319931
Magnetocaloric effect modeling of dysprosium-transition metal based intermetallic alloys for magnetic refrigeration application using hybrid genetic algorithm based support vector regression intelligent method.
Intermetallic alloy containing rare earth dysprosium ions with the associated unfilled 4f shell electrons and sub-lattice of 3d-transition metal, results into fascinating magnetic properties which are useful for green refrigeration technological application. Magnetocaloric effect remains the fundamental principle upon which magnetic refrigeration technology is based while this cooling technology has advantages of cost effectiveness, high efficiency and environmental friendliness as compared with the existing conventional gas compression systems. Maximum magnetic entropy change (which controls the hugeness of magnetocaloric effect) of intermetallic alloy Dy-T-X (where T = transition metal and X = any other metal or nonmetal) is modeled in this work using hybrid genetic algorithm based support vector regression (GSVR) computational intelligent method with applied magnetic field, ionic concentration and ionic radii descriptors. The developed GSVR-G model with kernel Gaussian function outperforms GSVR-P model with polynomial function with improvement of 85.23%, 78.82% and 78.67% on the basis of the computed correlation coefficient (CC), mean absolute error (MAE) and root mean square error (RMSE) on testing sample, respectively. The developed model further investigates the influence of applied external magnetic field on magnetocaloric effect of DyCuAl intermetallic alloy. The developed models in this work circumvent experimental challenges of magnetocaloric effect determination while the recorded precision of the developed model further opens doors for possible exploration of these intermetallic compounds for addressing environmental challenges associated with the present system of cooling.

