PMID:38319551
Reach and Capacity of Black Protestant Health Ministries as Sites of Community-Wide Health Promotion: A Qualitative Social Ecological Model Examination.
Black communities in the Southeast United States experience a disproportionate burden of illness and disease. To address this inequity, public health practitioners are partnering with Black Protestant churches to deliver health promotion interventions. Yet, the reach of these programs beyond the organizational level of the Social Ecological Model (SEM) is not well defined. Thus, the aim of this study is to understand Black Protestant church leaders' and members' perceptions about the capacity of their ministries to reach into their communities, beyond their congregations, as providers or hosts of health education or promotion interventions. From 20 Black Protestant churches in Atlanta, GA, 92 church leaders and members participated in semi-structured interviews. Grounded theory guided data analysis and a diverse team coded the interviews. Most participating churches had health ministries. Participants saw the boundaries between their churches at the organizational level of the SEM and the broader Black community to be porous. Those who described their "community" as being broader than their congregation also tended to describe community-wide health promotion their church engaged in. They described church-based health fairs as a strategy to promote engagement in their communities. Some participants, particularly those in a health-related profession, discussed visions of how to utilize their church as a site for community-wide health promotion. We suggest these participants may be boundary leaders who can build relationships between public health professionals, pastors, and congregants. Based on the findings, we suggest that church-based health fairs may be effective sites of community-wide health promotion.
29570_GLS2, Reach

PMID:38319930
Research on the sustainability of "greening" process in the Mu Us Sandy Land based on the spatiotemporal stability of ecological land.
In environmentally sensitive areas, especially the arid and semi-arid regions, the greening stability process and its influencing factors can directly affect the sustainable development of the ecological environment. In this study, multi-source remote sensing data such as land use/cover data, MODIS NDVI, and soil moisture, methods such as stability index, vegetation quantitative remote sensing, and Geodetector were employed to analyze the sustainability of the greening process in the Mu Us Sandy in 2000-2020, which were viewed from three aspects: changes in stability of land use types and function, soil moisture change and influencing factors on greening stability. The results showed that, (1) From the stability of land use types, continuous stable ecological land accounted for more than 50%, showing that decreased from northwest toward southeast. (2) From the functional stability, NDVI showed a fluctuated growth (0.035/a), with an increasing distribution pattern from northwest to southeast. Additionally, Vegetation changes were unstable and concentrated in the western part of the study area (OtogBanner and Otog Front Banner), while the eastern part was stable, in which vegetation improvement took the main position. Moreover, mobile dunes almost disappeared, and semi-fixed dunes decreased and gradually shrank to the west of the sandy area, while fixed dunes soared and were concentrated in the middle of the sandy land. (3) From the soil moisture change, soil moisture at different underground depths showed an overall increasing trend, but the deep soil moisture was higher than the shallow, and spatial distribution varied greatly. (4) From the influencing factors, natural factors significantly influence greening stability, among which precipitation had a particularly profound impact, and interactions with other natural and social factors were higher explanatory. The paper aims to explore whether the ecological environment is developing in a good and orderly direction in the Mu Us Sandy Land, and the potential factors that cause its changes, to provide a theoretical basis for scientific governance in the Mu Us Sandy Land and other arid and semi-arid areas in the future.
4632_GSTM1, Reach
8516_OTOG, Reach

PMID:38319871
Definition of sensory and instrumental thresholds of acceptability for selection of cassava genotypes with improved boiling properties.
Consumers of boiled cassava in Africa, Latin America and Asia use specific preference criteria to evaluate its cooking quality, in terms of texture, color and taste. To improve adoption rates of improved cassava varieties intended for consumption after boiling, these preference criteria need to be determined, quantified and integrated as post-harvest quality traits in the target product profile of boiled cassava, so that breeding programs may screen candidate varieties based on both agronomic traits and consumer preference traits. Surveys of various end-user groups identified seven priority quality attributes of boiled cassava covering root preparation, visual aspect, taste and texture. Three populations of contrasted cassava genotypes, from good-cooking to bad-cooking, in three countries (Uganda, Benin, Colombia) were then characterized according to these quality attributes by sensory quantitative descriptive analysis (QDA) and by standard instrumental methods. Consumers preferences of the texture attributes mealiness and hardness were also determined. By analysis of correlations, the consumers preferences scores were translated to thresholds of acceptability in terms of QDA scores, then in terms of instrumental measurements (water absorption during boiling and texture analysis). The thresholds of acceptability were used to identify among the Colombian and Benin populations promising genotypes for boiled cassava quality. This work demonstrates the steps of determining priority quality attributes for boiled cassava and establishing their corresponding quantitative thresholds of acceptability. The information can then be included in boiled cassava target product profiles used by cassava breeders, for better selection and adoption rates of new varieties. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.
23115_EAF2, Reach

PMID:38319350
Hypocalcaemia upon arrival (HUA) in trauma patients who did and did not receive prehospital blood products: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypocalcaemia upon arrival (HUA) to hospital is associated with morbidity and mortality in the trauma patient. It has been hypothesised that there is an increased incidence of HUA in patients receiving prehospital transfusion as a result of citrated blood products. This research aimed to determine if there was a difference in arrival ionised calcium (iCa) levels in trauma patients who did and did not receive prehospital transfusion. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of patients with an Injury Severity Score (ISS) > / = 15 and an iCa measured on hospital arrival. We then derived mean iCa levels and attempted to compare between-group variables across multiple study cohorts. Nine studies reported iCa on arrival to ED, with a mean of 1.08 mmol/L (95% CI 1.02-1.13; I2 = 99%; 2087 patients). Subgroup analysis of patients who did not receive prehospital transfusion had a mean iCa of 1.07 mmol/L (95% CI 1.01-1.14; I2 = 99%, 1661 patients). Transfused patients in the 3 comparative studies had a slightly lower iCa on arrival compared to those who did not receive transfusion (mean difference - 0.03 mmol/L, 95% CI - 0.04 to - 0.03, I2 = 0%, p = 0.001, 561 patients). HUA is common amongst trauma patients irrespective of transfusion. Transfused patients had a slightly lower initial iCa than those without transfusion, though the clinical impact of this remains to be clarified. These findings question the paradigm of citrate-induced hypocalcaemia alone in trauma. There is a need for consensus for the definition of hypocalcaemia to provide a basis for future research into the role of calcium supplementation in trauma.
3312_ELAVL1, Reach
7701_NDUFB6, Reach

PMID:38320246
Developing an Inclusive Training Environment: Accommodations in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Residency Training for Residents with a Disability.
This study examines the challenges and accommodations for medical residents with disabilities within physical medicine and rehabilitation (PM&R) training programs. Medical residency presents unique stressors and responsibilities, with the potential for added complexities for residents with disabilities. Few data exist regarding the prevalence and experiences of people with disabilities as medical trainees and the limited studies available highlight an underrepresentation of individuals with disability in medical training and practice. Through cross-sectional surveys administered to PM&R residents, this research assesses disability prevalence, characterizations, barriers to training, and accommodations provided. Out of 140 respondents, 9.3% identified as having disabilities, with varying prevalence among genders and disability types. Results revealed distinct challenges for residents with mobility and non-mobility disabilities, spanning learning environments, standardized testing, procedural skills, and accessibility. Self-provided accommodations exceeded program-provided ones, indicating room for improvement in program support. These findings underscore the need for proactive dialogue between residents and leadership to address barriers, enhance accommodations, and create an inclusive training environment. The study's insights emphasize the importance of advocating for equal opportunities and cultivating supportive conditions to enable individuals with disabilities to thrive in medical residency programs, ultimately contributing to more diverse and inclusive medical communities.
9337_PRB1, Reach
12799_WWOX, Biobert

PMID:38319941
Characterization of spatio-temporal dynamics of the constrained network of the filamentous fungus Podospora anserina using a geomatics-based approach.
In their natural environment, fungi are subjected to a wide variety of environmental stresses which they must cope with by constantly adapting the architecture of their growing network. In this work, our objective was to finely characterize the thallus development of the filamentous fungus Podospora anserina subjected to different constraints that are simple to implement in vitro and that can be considered as relevant environmental stresses, such as a nutrient-poor environment or non-optimal temperatures. At the Petri dish scale, the observations showed that the fungal thallus is differentially affected (thallus diameter, mycelium aspect) according to the stresses but these observations remain qualitative. At the hyphal scale, we showed that the extraction of the usual quantities (i.e. apex, node, length) does not allow to distinguish the different thallus under stress, these quantities being globally affected by the application of a stress in comparison with a thallus having grown under optimal conditions. Thanks to an original geomatics-based approach based on the use of automatized Geographic Information System (GIS) tools, we were able to produce maps and metrics characterizing the growth dynamics of the networks and then to highlight some very different dynamics of network densification according to the applied stresses. The fungal thallus is then considered as a map and we are no longer interested in the quantity of material (hyphae) produced but in the empty spaces between the hyphae, the intra-thallus surfaces. This study contributes to a better understanding of how filamentous fungi adapt the growth and densification of their network to potentially adverse environmental changes.
794_ATIC, Biobert

PMID:38319890
Characterizing collective physical distancing in the U.S. during the first nine months of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The COVID-19 pandemic offers an unprecedented natural experiment providing insights into the emergence of collective behavioral changes of both exogenous (government mandated) and endogenous (spontaneous reaction to infection risks) origin. Here, we characterize collective physical distancing-mobility reductions, minimization of contacts, shortening of contact duration-in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the pre-vaccine era by analyzing de-identified, privacy-preserving location data for a panel of over 5.5 million anonymized, opted-in U.S. devices. We define five indicators of users' mobility and proximity to investigate how the emerging collective behavior deviates from typical pre-pandemic patterns during the first nine months of the COVID-19 pandemic. We analyze both the dramatic changes due to the government mandated mitigation policies and the more spontaneous societal adaptation into a new (physically distanced) normal in the fall 2020. Using the indicators here defined we show that: a) during the COVID-19 pandemic, collective physical distancing displayed different phases and was heterogeneous across geographies, b) metropolitan areas displayed stronger reductions in mobility and contacts than rural areas; c) stronger reductions in commuting patterns are observed in geographical areas with a higher share of teleworkable jobs; d) commuting volumes during and after the lockdown period negatively correlate with unemployment rates; and e) increases in contact indicators correlate with future values of new deaths at a lag consistent with epidemiological parameters and surveillance reporting delays. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that the framework and indicators here presented can be used to analyze large-scale social distancing phenomena, paving the way for their use in future pandemics to analyze and monitor the effects of pandemic mitigation plans at the national and international levels.
3467_ESR1, Reach

PMID:38319607
Therapeutic outcome of combination therapy using immune-checkpoint inhibitors and tyrosine kinase inhibitors for metastatic non-clear-cell renal cell carcinoma.
We aimed to clarify the therapeutic outcome of combination therapy using immune-checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) and/or tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) for metastatic non-clear-cell renal cell carcinoma (nccRCC). We have been retrospectively investigating the therapeutic efficacy and prognosis in 36 patients with metastatic nccRCC undergoing combination therapy using two ICIs, ipilimumab plus nivolumab (ICI-ICI), and ICI plus TKI (ICI-TKI), at Kobe University and affiliated institutions since 2018. Progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), objective response rate (ORR), and adverse event (AE) were compared. The first-line regimens was ICI-ICI regimens in 26 cases and ICI-TKI regimens in 10 cases. The ORRs in the ICI-ICI and ICI-TKI groups were 34.6 and 30.0%, respectively (p=0.9433). The 50% PFS for the ICI-TKI group was 9.7 months, significantly longer than that for the ICI-ICI group (4.6 months, p=0.0499), and there was no significant difference in OS between them (p=0.3984). There was no significant difference in the occurrence rate of AE for below grade 2 (p=0.8535) nor above grade 3 (p=0.3786) between the ICI-ICI and ICITKI groups. From our analysis of real-world data, a better outcome of PFS was expected in the ICI-TKI group compared with that in the ICI-ICI group, while there was no significant difference in OS or ORR.
20595_MTUS2, Reach
7095_MID1, Reach
11515_TBXT, Biobert
12442_TYR, Biobert

PMID:38319728
Gut microbiota modulate CD8+ T cell immunity in gastric cancer through Butyrate/GPR109A/HOPX.
The gut microbiota and Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) can influence the progression of diseases, yet the role of these factors on gastric cancer (GC) remains uncertain. In this work, the analysis of the gut microbiota composition and SCFA content in the blood and feces of both healthy individuals and GC patients indicated that significant reductions in the abundance of intestinal bacteria involved in SCFA production were observed in GC patients compared with the controls. ABX mice transplanted with fecal microbiota from GC patients developed more tumors during the induction of GC and had lower levels of butyric acid. Supplementation of butyrate during the induction of gastric cancer along with H. pylori and N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (MNU) in WT in GPR109A-/-mice resulted in fewer tumors and more IFN-γ+ CD8+ T cells, but this effect was significantly weakened after knockout of GPR109A. Furthermore, In vitro GC cells and co-cultured CD8+ T cells or CAR-Claudin 18.2+ CD8+ T cells, as well as in vivo tumor-bearing studies, have indicated that butyrate enhanced the killing function of CD8+ T cells or CAR-Claudin 18.2+ CD8+ T cells against GC cells through G protein-coupled receptor 109A (GPR109A) and homologous domain protein homologous box (HOPX). Together, these data highlighted that the restoration of gut microbial butyrate enhanced CD8+ T cell cytotoxicity via GPR109A/HOPX, thus inhibiting GC carcinogenesis, which suggests a novel theoretical foundation for GC management against GC.
1502_CASP14, Reach
24827_HCAR2, Reach
24961_HOPX, Reach
11241_SPI1, Biobert
8101_OCA2, Biobert

PMID:38320208
Approach to the Patient: Investigation of pediatric hypoglycemia in the emergency department - a practical algorithm.
Hypoglycemia in the pediatric population tends to present in the newborn period or during metabolic crisis triggered by prolonged fasting and intercurrent illness. Current recommendations to investigate all children presenting with hypoglycemia for the first time are cumbersome and costly, but necessary to identify those with serious conditions that predispose to hypoglycemia. We describe a practical and cost-effective method of evaluating children who present to the emergency department with previously undiagnosed hypoglycemia. Glucose and point-of-care (POC) beta-hydroxybutyrate (G-BOHB) levels should be measured on all children with a low screening POC glucose levels, and a full history and physical examination will identify those requiring further investigation. This approach is suggested to identify patients with serious and life-threatening disease with the same fidelity as the currently recommended approach of performing a critical sample on all children with hypoglycemia. Our streamlined approach will reduce the cost to approximately 10% of the current approach per patient diagnosed with a serious underlying disease. Further, children without underlying hypoglycemia-predisposing disorders will be identified and discharged without unnecessary intervention.
9201_POMC, Reach
620_APP, Biobert

PMID:38319765
Competitive Swarm Optimized SVD Clutter Filtering for Ultrafast Power Doppler Imaging.
Ultrafast power Doppler imaging can significantly increase the sensitivity of resolving small vascular paths in ultrasound. While clutter filtering is a fundamental and essential method to realize ultrafast power Doppler imaging, it commonly uses singular value decomposition (SVD) to suppress clutter signals and noise. However, current SVD-based clutter filters using two cutoffs cannot ensure sufficient separation of tissue, blood, and noise in ultrafast power Doppler imaging. This paper proposes a new competitive swarm-optimized SVD clutter filter to improve the quality of ultrafast power Doppler imaging. Specifically, without using two cutoffs, such a new filter introduces competitive swarm optimization (CSO) to search for the counterparts of blood signals in each singular value. We validate the CSO-SVD clutter filter on public in-vivo datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that our method can achieve higher contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), and blood-to-clutter ratio (BCR) than state-of-the-art SVD-based clutter filters, showing a better balance between suppressing clutter signals and preserving blood signals. Particularly, our CSO-SVD clutter filter improves CNR by 0.99±0.08 dB, SNR by 0.79±0.08 dB, and BCR by 1.95±0.03 dB when comparing a spatial-similarity-based SVD clutter filter in the in-vivo dataset of rat brain bolus.
1014_BCR, Reach
2159_CNR1, Reach
6554_LEPR, Reach

PMID:38320165
Chasing WATERFALLs - The Journey from Question to Answer.
WATERFALL Trial from Question to AnswerThis clinical trial case study discusses the process that led to the WATERFALL trial - from a question asked by a gastroenterology trainee more than two decades ago about fluid management in acute pancreatitis to the completed clinical trial published in the New England Journal of Medicine that may change clinical practice.
11708_TDO2, Biobert

PMID:38320047
Meta-Analysis of Glucocorticoids for Covid-19 Patients Not Receiving Oxygen.
Glucocorticoids for Covid-19 Patients Not on OxygenGlucocorticoids reduce mortality in hospitalized patients with severe and critical Covid-19. Covello et al. performed a meta-analysis to test the hypothesis that glucocorticoids could be detrimental in patients not on oxygen therapy.
23056_ALG3, Biobert

PMID:38319267
[Morphology of Hassall's corpuscles and their microenvironment in neonates with increased thymus weight].
To study morphological features of Hassall's corpuscles (HC) and their microenvironment in newborns with increased thymus mass. The study was carried out on autopsy material of children of the first month of life. Based on the thymic index (TI), 2 groups were identified: with normal (conditional norm) and increased TI value (increased thymus weight). The standard method of histological staining and immunohistochemical methods with antibodies to Pan-CK, CK19, CD68, CD3 and p53 were used in the study. The classification proposed by A.G. Beloveshkin (2013) was used to determine the degree of maturity of HC. Nonparametric Mann-Whitney test was used to determine statistically significant differences in the groups. In the group of children with increased thymus weight, the number of HC decreased by 20%. It was found that the proportion of progressive and mature corpuscles in this group was reduced by 2.3 and 1.6 times, respectively, compared to the group of children with normal thymus weight, while the proportion of regressive corpuscles increased almost 2-fold. In the HC microenvironment, there is an increase in the total number of thymocytes, combined with a decrease in the expression of CD68, CD3 and p53 in them. A sharp decrease in CK19-expressing cells in this group is accompanied by a disruption in the formation of reticular structures characteristic of the comparison group. In the thymus with increased mass, the structural and functional organization changes: along with an increase in the total number of thymocytes in the cortical layer and a decrease in the number of macrophages, epithelial cells and HC (with a predominance of regressive corpuscles), disturbances in the processes of maturation, apoptosis and negative selection of lymphocytes occur, which can lead to development of immunogenesis disorders.
11652_TCN1, Reach
3603_FBN1, Reach
6436_KRT19, Reach
1693_CD68, Reach
11998_TP53, Reach

PMID:38319702
Evaluating the Appropriateness of Podcasts to Improve the Knowledge and Awareness of Selected Health Topics Among Undergraduate General Nursing Students: Protocol for an International Feasibility Study.
Podcasts have proven to be a successful alternative source of educational material for students. Given the ability to listen to podcasts 24/7 and while on the go, this technology has the potential to provide informative and educational material to a large number of people at any given time. Podcasts are usually freely available on commonly used mobile devices, such as smartphones, laptops, and tablets. This paper describes the impact of health-related podcasts as an intervention tool to support the knowledge and awareness of nursing students on a given topic. Pre- and postpodcast questionnaires will gather data regarding the participants' knowledge and awareness of two topics-gestational diabetes and mental health. This intervention will be tested on general nursing undergraduate students. The total number of students (N=2395) from the participating universities are broken down as follows: (1) University College Cork (n=850) and the University of Galway (n=450) in Ireland, (2) Mzuzu University in Malawi (n=719), and (3) University of Fort Hare in South Africa (n=376). The study received ethical approval from the University College Cork Ethics Committee (2022-027A1). The approval obtained from University College Cork sufficed as ethics coverage for the University of Galway in Ireland. Ethics approval was also received from the Mzuzu University Research Ethics Committee (ID MZUNIREC/DOR/23/28) and the Inter-Faculty Research Ethics Committee of the University of Fort Hare (ID CIL002-21). Data collection is currently underway and will continue until the end of February 2024. The quantitative and qualitative data are expected to be analyzed in March 2024. Results from this study will allow for an investigation into the impact of podcasts in different settings: a high-income country (Ireland), an upper-middle-income country (South Africa), and a low-to-middle-income country (Malawi). The data gathered from this feasibility study will provide more clarity on the potential utility of podcasts as an intervention tool. We will gather data regarding listener demographics (eg, country of residence, age, gender, and year of study). DERR1-10.2196/50735.
18629_STAB2, Reach
5360_ID1, Reach
3331_EMD, Biobert

PMID:38319726
Selective Sampling to and Desorption from Single Solid-Phase Microextraction Arrow Fiber for Replicative and Quantitative Analysis.
New analytical functionality is demonstrated with an enclosed interface that joins a solid phase microextraction (SPME) device, a direct analysis in real time (DART) probe, and a high-resolution mass spectrometer. With a single 20 mm long SPME Arrow, the interface is able to perform five discrete DART analyses on different areas of the same fiber in 1 min of practical operation time. Three-fiber replicates for 15 runs total produce 15% or better center of variance (CV) values for both volatile headspace sampling and direct immersion sampling of a solvated analyte. Chemometric analysis of rapidly acquired headspace data is able to distinguish volatile profiles. Selective desorption within the interface also confers the ability to selectively sample to discrete areas of a fiber, and three different headspace samples or five different liquid samples can be acquired and differentiated with one Arrow. A five-point standard addition curve is constructed to measure the concentration of the solvated analyte. Unmodified commercial components of the analysis system include the fiber itself, the Orbitrap and AccuTOF mass spectrometer platforms, and the conditioning gas chromatograph inlet. Machine diagrams for the SPME-DART interface and Arrow fiber holder are included.
3603_FBN1, Reach

PMID:38320263
Women in Canada are consuming above the upper intake level of folic acid but few are meeting dietary choline recommendations in the second trimester of pregnancy: data from the CHILD cohort study.
There is concern that during a low risk pregnancy, women are consuming more than recommended (400 μg/day) supplemental folic acid and may not meet recommendations for other nutrients. The objective of this study was to determine folic acid supplement use and dietary folate intakes in the second trimester (week 18) of pregnancy in women (n=2996) in the Canadian CHILD cohort study. Vitamin B12 and choline intakes were also assessed because they are metabolically related to folate.. The majority of participants (71.6%) were consuming a daily prenatal supplement. Twenty-eight percent of women (n=847) reported consuming a folic acid supplement and of these women,45.3% had daily supplemental folic acid intakes above the upper intake level (UL; 1000 μg/day). Daily dietary folate intakes were [mean (SD)] 575 (235) DFE µg/d. In contrast, only 24.8% of women met the dietary choline adequate intake recommendation (AI ≥450 mg/d) with a mean (SD) intake of 375 (151) mg/day. Further understanding of the impact of supplemental folic acid intake above the UL and low choline intake during pregnancy requires further investigation.
21610_LNPK, Reach
9854_RANGAP1, Reach
18561_BLOC1S5, Biobert 

PMID:38319672
Obinutuzumab Pretreatment as a Novel Approach to Mitigate Formation of Anti-Drug Antibodies Against Cergutuzumab Amunaleukin in Patients with Solid Tumors.
The immunocytokine cergutuzumab amunaleukin (CEA-IL2v) showed manageable safety and favorable pharmacodynamics in Phase I/Ib trials in patients with advanced/metastatic carcinoembryonic antigen-positive (CEA+) solid tumors, but this was accompanied by a high incidence of anti-drug antibodies (ADAs). We examined B-cell depletion with obinutuzumab as a potential mitigation strategy. Preclinical data comparing B-cell depletion with rituximab versus obinutuzumab are summarized. Substudies of Phase I/Ib trials investigated the effect of obinutuzumab pretreatment on ADA development, safety, pharmacodynamics, and anti-tumor activity of CEA-IL2v ± atezolizumab in patients with advanced/metastatic or unresectable CEA+ solid tumors who had progressed on standard of care. Preclinical data showed superior B-cell depletion with obinutuzumab versus rituximab. In clinical studies, patients received CEA-IL2v monotherapy with (n = 16) or without (n = 6) obinutuzumab pretreatment (monotherapy study), or CEA-IL2v + atezolizumab + obinutuzumab pretreatment (n = 5; combination study). In the monotherapy study, after 4 cycles (every 2 weeks treatment), 0/15 evaluable patients administered obinutuzumab pretreatment had ADAs versus 4/6 patients without obinutuzumab. Obinutuzumab pretreatment with CEA-IL2v monotherapy showed no new safety signals and pharmacodynamic data suggested minimal impact on T cells and natural killer cells. Conversely, increased liver toxicity was observed in the combination study (CEA-IL2v + atezolizumab + obinutuzumab pretreatment). These preliminary findings suggest that obinutuzumab pretreatment before CEA-IL2v administration in patients with CEA+ solid tumors may be a feasible and potent ADA mitigation strategy, with an acceptable safety profile, supporting broader investigation of obinutuzumab pretreatment for ADA mitigation in other settings.
1817_CEACAM5, Reach
327_AGPS, Reach
186_ADA, Reach

PMID:38319970
Structures and organizations of PSI-AcpPCI supercomplexes from red tidal and coral symbiotic photosynthetic dinoflagellates.
Marine photosynthetic dinoflagellates are a group of successful phytoplankton that can form red tides in the ocean and also symbiosis with corals. These features are closely related to the photosynthetic properties of dinoflagellates. We report here three structures of photosystem I (PSI)-chlorophylls (Chls) a/c-peridinin protein complex (PSI-AcpPCI) from two species of dinoflagellates by single-particle cryoelectron microscopy. The crucial PsaA/B subunits of a red tidal dinoflagellate Amphidinium carterae are remarkably smaller and hence losing over 20 pigment-binding sites, whereas its PsaD/F/I/J/L/M/R subunits are larger and coordinate some additional pigment sites compared to other eukaryotic photosynthetic organisms, which may compensate for the smaller PsaA/B subunits. Similar modifications are observed in a coral symbiotic dinoflagellate Symbiodinium species, where two additional core proteins and fewer AcpPCIs are identified in the PSI-AcpPCI supercomplex. The antenna proteins AcpPCIs in dinoflagellates developed some loops and pigment sites as a result to accommodate the changed PSI core, therefore the structures of PSI-AcpPCI supercomplex of dinoflagellates reveal an unusual protein assembly pattern. A huge pigment network comprising Chls a and c and various carotenoids is revealed from the structural analysis, which provides the basis for our deeper understanding of the energy transfer and dissipation within the PSI-AcpPCI supercomplex, as well as the evolution of photosynthetic organisms.
8105_OCM, Biobert

bioRxiv:10.1101/2024.02.05.578918
The dimensionality of neural coding for cognitive control is gradually transformed within the lateral prefrontal cortex
Implementing cognitive control relies on neural representations that are inherently high-dimensional and distribute across multiple subregions in the prefrontal cortex (PFC). Traditional approaches tackle prefrontal representations by reducing them into a unidimensional measure (univariate amplitude) or using them to distinguish a limited number of alternatives (pattern classification). By contrast, representational similarity analysis (RSA) enables flexibly formulating various hypotheses about informational contents underlying the neural codes, explicitly comparing hypotheses, and examining the representational alignment between brain regions. Here, we used a multifaceted paradigm wherein the difficulty of cognitive control was manipulated separately for five cognitive tasks. We used RSA to unveil representational contents, measure the representational alignment between regions, and quantify representational generality vs. specificity. We found a graded transition in the lateral PFC: The dorsocaudal PFC was tuned to the information about behavioural effort, preferentially connected with the parietal cortex, and representationally generalisable across domains. The ventrorostral PFC was tuned to the abstract structure of tasks, preferentially connected with the temporal cortex, and representationally specific. The middle PFC (interposed between dorsocaudal and ventrorostral PFC) was tuned to individual task-sets, ranked in the middle in terms of connectivity and generalisability. Furthermore, whether a region was dimensionally rich or thin co-varied with its functional profile: Low dimensionality (only gist) in the dorsocaudal PFC dovetailed with better generality, whereas high dimensionality (gist plus details) in the ventrorostral PFC corresponded with better ability to encode subtleties. Our findings, collectively, demonstrate how cognitive control is decomposed into distinct facets that transition steadily along prefrontal subregions.
8864_CFP, Reach
30600_UBXN11, Biobert

